hello on the day you cried
before you mascara flowed yes he was at least 18 10
- I was talking about politics we can
talk there is 18 before how do you feel about
the war in ukraine
bad negative all warriors this is a planet
boy sorry I take this two girls are sitting in
this order ps  the hairstyle is just
some kind of informal
type of this
war is bad yes
all all the
warriors are bad here cannot be divided in
principle according to some countries in principle
war is a sur-like type of fighting for a piece of
land and sacrificing people's lives this
is from well how people feel  like
cannon fodder it’s not good it
turns out that what stopped you is a
military wedge it’s wrong of course it’s
wrong a
few in a cage on a brother I’ll unwind
like yes it’s right like and further
because we have Russia [ __ ]
alcoholics and morons there’s nothing to
be done about it there’s
not everyone  alcoholics are a [ __ ], but not all of us for the
most part, and the
contingent of people is
terrible
who can drown only even if you
take the statistics,
they will still be gov
yells that before these crests deserved all this, there was nothing for this Zelensky to drive against Putin, although well, let's be honest, you are simply territorially unlucky, that is, you cannot be financially for you, as if the position is completely well, you have very territory of your country between, that is, Russia and Europe, and you, as it were, need someone to choose, in general, to whom all countries than between something and something to you, everything between Europe and China, we have extensive to be wide on their own, but look, I’m just I noticed something a lot of people they live near the coast in Russia they live poorly where they live poorer than in Europe, but instead of either these authorities of theirs, what is there why we don’t have medicine there, education is normal there, they are expensive to start or support a war with Ukraine spends a huge amount of money, of course, so they look, in principle, all people have a program in their heads, that is, but poverty is the norm, I have to drag myself into  this
is life, this is already generations through
generations, everything is being shifted and in their
picture of the world it cannot be otherwise
, that is, for them it is self-
reliant and in a different way, but in another way
it is wrong how we live, we are the
best if someone  otherwise it’s
not good it turns out yes it’s an interesting
idea that people are used to such a level of
social security there, for example, there is a
toilet in the yard
and they already consider it the norm yes of course of
course their relatives told them
I won’t pass on to my children in that
sense  the fact that I don’t know when in general
Russia will be able to rise from its knees
because all the money floats away to the top and
people are completely twisted simply, but you
happened to be in other countries besides
Russia, yes, where were I, I was in America,
I was in Germany,
and everything is like  how is it for training it but in
germany for dancing in america there is also well
very competitive there
do you think that you can refuse
it didn’t live but saw it so you
can say  what difference caught
your eye
1 1 clean streets road
quite fresh air surprisingly
people there are more kindly, so to speak,
you can not only guests of good-natured light,
maybe you can immediately see the difference, of
course, the mentality is
completely different, in principle, there are a lot of
people whom I  asked tango dance in
russia the best game you were somewhere
abroad [ __ ] then why be there and
so on, that is, it turns out they didn’t
see anything to compare with yes yes and
you understand they don’t need to put into
their heads the idea that it’s like  here are the
best habitats, because I do
n’t even know how to take the older generation,
I say when they, for example,
ask the same thing on the streets, for example,
how do you feel about sanctions, that is, all the
removal of this in those McDonald’s what kind of
stab clothing brands of this policy and
why do we need them  it’s just that if
teenagers were asked the same thing, yes they
would be there, they want a table that I have
nothing to wear there, although it seems to me in this
situations this is generally the last thing you
need to think about what you will wear in general
what clothes you will walk in and what
chips you will eat but nevertheless it
will be there and not walk and say
how bad it will be for them without this this but
for the older generation they  they already lived
without it and they don’t need it that it’s for her
that it won’t be, they didn’t
use it, of course they won’t continue
and interpret the thoughts that well, we lived without
it without it, we’ll fix it, so I
don’t
know, for example, you thought there or
you there  somewhere in the news, can you
see some groups there, plus how much does
russia cost 1 day of war with ukraine
it would not be interesting to
visualize how many salda missiles
there how much it was possible to build
school kindergartens
we know we recently had in the city
just some terrible day I stood
there all with tears in my eyes we
set up a stage in the center of the city
whether it was some kind of day in the city we have
here I don’t remember they set the stage there and you
go  or some kind of non-name, and that is, people
whom we don’t know at all, a
huge crowd of people gathered, just a huge one,
I don’t know, yes, youth day, and
they told us wonderful speeches,
what great fellows we are, and in fact it
was a taxi realistically because
a girl comes out and starts talking
the fact that here are the children
who were born there in the 13th year, here they
live in this all-wool war, yes,
etc.
but our nice guys will fight for
our common goal and don’t care that we are
bombing there near the maternity hospital, then in Ukraine, you understand
that well, of course, I exaggerate, but as for
me it sounded like that when I
see the same records, the
houses are simply fragmented, it seems to me that
we don’t really live in the world in which
we need to, that is, we seem to be at the limit of the thought
that we will live in such a progressive
time, because they don’t burn
any risks and executions on the streets and don’t
suit them, but when you enter
everything starts to sink and you understand
that  that we didn’t begin to develop at
all, we just remained
parasitic stupid and I don’t know when
they say that something is helping to
liberate the fiery when you look
how much and the destruction of the liberators
survives derry as long as there are
some kind of fascists in Ukraine of
course
I don’t know at all
for  what is it, of course, everything is done, but it
’s very scary, it’s very scary, I
sympathize with you very much, I don’t know, but don’t be
afraid that a third may begin there
a world war is like in your
cities it will also get to horse meat, I
don’t know, but in terms of what will be the third
world war, it’s generally it will be, I don’t
know, he’ll take it, put it in his head
, something will come in, he’ll attack the
NATO countries there, the European countries
well then, this is all five more years of horror
and house,
well, I don’t know, according to the second world court,
maybe even more or less
very scary, but
as if they don’t have such a fear of
death, I personally have it, but
it will just be scary in time and it
will be scary  it won’t be scary for the story then
that we really act like this
, in principle, Russia does
this to neighboring ones, so to speak, to our
neighbors to our relatives to our
friends
on 8 Germany also killed the priest there,
everything later they realized there
if
I think that  Russia is also waiting for this
stage, when this euphoria cheers cheers cheers
will pass
, the correct coverage of information will begin,
that it was like this and further until the
feeling of shame, the feeling of guilt will, of
course,  about the palace because I’m even walking down the street
and we have the letter z already everywhere, I think it’s
still stuffed on the forehead, it’s just this
symbolic sign
sorry for the [ __ ] word, but
I can’t express it differently, this is
wrong, this should not be in  in the world
in general, all the support for the
murders
hold on well there
we will try to quickly this war
ended quickly to find out these all sorts of
troops
ok goodbye
happens and nadezda meetings so in
chatroulette
not
clearly the position of dante military
online
[ __ ] people go pan and
he is rich in scarlet now
knows more organized I will say Russians
Russian-speaking people heard a special fur coat from people who
have enough against the war, but are
still organized, and in this and this you are
afraid there, don’t bunch up, the first
thing to do is start
clustering,
gather in some
circles
about this, and so on, politically non-
political to give birth to give birth like
this  organized force to
oppose this war, because the
war itself will not stop
us until  russia should
do everything in your power to
stop this war because the blood of
ukrainian children is on your hands the
state you see elected
it acts on your me
and every day more and more
blood on your hands
you must
stop this war
you are afraid to go out there  where is the tass poster
did they say something about yours they will take you to a
paddy wagon
that they are afraid to sit down who are dying in
ukraine think about it
don’t be afraid to go out
and after here on the taffeta channel of the teams arets
it’s important for the words you can’t see on the
river  one forgetting
youtube you me and a subscription to which
subscribe natella temple and kiev inventory and
rima and vasya glory to ukraine